MP-6055 Marketplace Shopping Lists feature walkthrough added. (#922)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/marketplace/dev/feature-walkthroughs/202204.0/marketplace-shopping-lists-feature-walkthrough.md

---
title: Marketplace Shopping Lists feature walkthrough
description: The Marketplace Shopping Lists feature lets you create and manage Marketplace Shopping Lists.
template: feature-walkthrough-template
---

> By using the 'Marketplace Shopping Lists' feature, shoppers can add a Merchant Product or a Merchant Offer from PDP to Shopping Lists. Then shoppers can add a Merchant Product or a Merchant Offer from the Shopping List to the Cart so they can be bought.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Marketplace Shopping Lists' feature allows customers to create and share multiple lists of merchant products and product offers between company business units or single users. Shopping lists can be shared between users with different sets of permissions.
```

## Module dependency graph

> The following diagram illustrates the dependencies between the modules for the {Feature name} feature. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates the dependencies between the modules for the 'Marketplace Shopping Lists' feature. 
```

![Module Dependency Graph](https://confluence-connect.gliffy.net/embed/image/b9b242da-b56f-452d-b44f-7eb740adf1da.png?utm_medium=live&utm_source=custom)

| MODULE                                   | DESCRIPTION                                                                 |
|------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ProductOfferShoppingListWidget           | Provides widgets for product offer integration into a shopping list.        |
| ProductOfferShoppingListDataImport       | Provides Data Import for Shopping Lists with Product Offers.                |
| ProductOfferShoppingList                 | Provides product offer functionality for Shopping List.                     |
| MerchantProductShoppingListsRestApi      | Provides REST API endpoints to manage merchant product shopping lists.      |
| MerchantProductOfferShoppingListsRestApi | Provides REST API endpoints to manage merchant product offer shopping list. |

> | ProductOfferShoppingListsRestApi         | Provides REST API endpoints to manage product offer shopping list.          |

Reviewer: - ShoppongList?

## Domain model

> The following schema illustrates the Marketplace Shipment domain model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following schema illustrates the 'Marketplace Shopping Lists' domain model:
```

---
title: Marketplace Shopping Lists feature walkthrough
description: The Marketplace Shopping Lists feature allows customers to create and share multiple lists of merchant products and product offers between company business units or single users.
template: feature-walkthrough-template
---

> The 'Marketplace Shopping Lists' feature allows customers to create and share multiple lists of merchant products and product offers between company business units or single users. Shopping lists can be shared between users with different sets of permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Marketplace Shopping Lists` feature allows customers to create and share multiple lists of merchant products and product offers between company business units or single users. Shopping lists can be shared between users with different sets of permissions.
```

{% info_block warningBox "User documentation" %}

> To learn more about the feature and to find out how end users use it, see [Marketplace Shopping List feature overvie](/docs/marketplace/user/features/{{page.version}}/marketplace-shopping-list-feature-overview.html) for business users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about the feature and to find out how end users use it, see [Marketplace Shopping List feature overview](/docs/marketplace/user/features/{{page.version}}/marketplace-shopping-list-feature-overview.html) for business users.
```

{% endinfo_block %}

## Module dependency graph

> The following diagram illustrates the dependencies between the modules for the 'Marketplace Shopping Lists' feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following diagram illustrates the dependencies between the modules for the `Marketplace Shopping Lists` feature.
```

| ProductOfferShoppingListDataImport       | Provides Data Import for Shopping Lists with Product Offers.                                                                              |
| ProductOfferShoppingList                 | Provides product offer functionality for Shopping List.                                                                                   |
| MerchantProductShoppingListsRestApi      | Provides REST API endpoints to manage merchant product shopping lists.                                                                    |
| MerchantProductOfferShoppingListsRestApi | Provides REST API endpoints to manage merchant product offer shopping list.                                                               |
| ProductOfferShoppingListsRestApi         | Provides REST API endpoints to manage product offer shopping list.                                                                        |
| ShoppingList                             | Provides infrastructure and functionality to handle multiple shopping lists for a customer account as well as manage shopping list items. |

## Domain model

> The following schema illustrates the 'Marketplace Shopping Lists' domain model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following schema illustrates the `Marketplace Shopping Lists` domain model:
```

|                                                                                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                    | [Managing shopping lists](/docs/marketplace/dev/glue-api-guides/{{page.version}}/marketplace-shopping-lists/managing-marketplace-shopping-lists.html)       | 

> |                                                                                                                                                                         |                                                                                                                                                      |                                                                                                                                                                    | [Managing shopping list items](/docs/marketplace/dev/glue-api-guides/{{page.version}}/marketplace-shopping-lists/managing-marketplace-shopping-list-items.html) | 

Reviewer: - glue API IG link is missing
- please carefully recheck all the linked docs exist in related PRs
